Whatever hour you woke there was a door shunting . From room to room they went , hand in hand , lifting here , opening there , making sure — a ghostly couple . “ Here we left it , ” she said . And he added , “ Oh , but here too ! ” “ It ’ s upstairs , ” she murmured . “ And in the garden , ” he whispered “ Quietly , ” they said , “ or we shall wake them. ” But it wasn ’ t that you woke us . Oh , no . “ They ’ re looking for it ; they ’ re drawing the curtain , ” one might say , and so read on a page or two . “ Now they ’ ve found it , ” one would be certain , stopping the pencil on the margin . And then , tired of reading , one might rise and see for oneself , the house all empty , the doors standing open , only the wood pigeons bubbling with content and the hum of the threshing machine sounding from the farm . “ What did I come in here for ? What did I want to find ? ” My hands were empty . “ Perhaps it ’ s upstairs then ? ” The apples were in the loft . And so down again , the garden still as ever , only the book had slipped into the grass . But they had found it in the drawing room . Not that one could ever see them . The window panes reflected apples , reflected roses ; all the leaves were green in the glass . If they moved in the drawing room , the apple only turned its yellow side . Yet , the moment after , if the door was opened , spread about the floor , hung upon the walls , pendant from the ceiling — what ? My hands were empty . The shadow of a thrush crossed the carpet ; from the deepest wells of silence the wood pigeon drew its bubble of sound . “ Safe , safe , safe , ” the pulse of the house beat softly . “ The treasure buried ; the room . . . ” the pulse stopped short . Oh , was that the buried treasure ? A moment later the light had faded . Out in the garden then ? But the trees spun darkness for a wandering beam of sun . So fine , so rare , coolly sunk beneath the surface the beam I sought always burnt behind the glass . Death was the glass ; death was between us ; coming to the woman first , hundreds of years ago , leaving the house , sealing all the windows ; the rooms were darkened . He left it , left her , went North , went East ,