side . Yet , the moment after , if the door was opened , spread about the floor , hung upon the walls , pendant from the ceiling — what ? My hands were empty . The shadow of a thrush crossed the carpet ; from the deepest wells of silence the wood pigeon drew its bubble of sound . “ Safe , safe , safe , ” the pulse of the house beat softly . “ The treasure buried ; the room . . . ” the pulse stopped short . Oh , was that the buried treasure ? A moment later the light had faded . Out in the garden then ? But the trees spun darkness for a wandering beam of sun . So fine , so rare , coolly sunk beneath the surface the beam I sought always burnt behind the glass . Death was the glass ; death was between us ; coming to the woman first , hundreds of years ago , leaving the house , sealing all the windows ; the rooms were darkened . He left it , left her , went North , went East , saw the stars turned in the Southern sky ; sought the house , found it dropped beneath the Downs . “ Safe , safe , safe , ” the pulse of the house beat gladly . “ The Treasure yours. ” The wind roars up the avenue . Trees stoop and bend this way and that . Moonbeams splash and spill wildly in the rain . But the beam of the lamp falls straight from the window . The candle burns stiff and still . Wandering through the house , opening the windows , whispering not to wake us , the ghostly couple seek their joy . “ Here we slept , ” she says . And he adds , “ Kisses without number. ” “ Waking in the morning— ” “ Silver between the trees— ” “ Upstairs— ” “ In the garden— ” “ When summer came— ” “ In winter snowtime— ” The doors go shutting far in the distance , gently knocking like the pulse of a heart . Nearer they come ; cease at the doorway . The wind falls , the rain slides silver down the glass . Our eyes darken ; we hear no steps beside us ; we see no lady spread her ghostly cloak . His hands shield the lantern . “ Look , ” he breathes . “ Sound asleep . Love upon their lips. ” Stooping , holding their silver lamp above us , long they look and deeply . Long they pause . The wind drives straightly ; the flame stoops slightly . Wild beams of moonlight cross both floor and wall , and , meeting , stain the faces bent ; the faces pondering ; the faces that search the sleepers and seek their hidden joy . “ Safe , safe ,