revere beauty . What was there beautiful in this stuffy London room ? ‘ Those poor flowers , ’ she exclaimed , for petals of flowers all crumpled and crushed , a carnation or two , were actually trodden under foot ; but , she felt , she cared almost too much for flowers . Her mother had loved flowers : ever since she was a child she had been brought up to feel that to hurt a flower was to hurt the most exquisite thing in nature . Nature had always been a passion with her ; the mountains , the sea . Here in London , one looked out of the window and saw more houses - human beings packed on top of each other in little boxes . It was an atmosphere in which she could not possibly live ; herself . She could not bear to walk in London and see the children playing in the streets . She was perhaps too sensitive ; life would be impossible if everyone was like her , but when she remembered her own childhood , and her father and mother , and the beauty and care that were lavished on them — ‘ What a lovely frock ! ’ said Jack Renshaw ; and that seemed to her altogether wrong - for a young man to be noticing women ’ s clothes at all . Her father was full of reverence for women but he never thought of noticing what they wore . And of all these girls , there was not a single one of them one could call beautiful - as she remembered her mother , — her dear stately mother , who never seemed to dress differently summer or winter , whether they had people or were alone , but always looked herself in lace , and as she grew older , a little cap . When she was a widow , [ she ] would sit among her flowers by the hour , and she seemed to be more with ghosts than with them all , dreaming of the past , which is , Mrs Vallance thought , somehow so much more real than the present . But why . It is in the past , with those wonderful men and women , she thought , that I really live : it is they who know me ; it is those people only ( and she thought of the starlit garden and the trees and old Mr Rogers , and her father , in his white linen coat smoking ) who understood me . She felt her eyes soften and deepen as at the approach of tears , standing there in Mrs Dalloway ’ s drawing-room , looking not at these people , these flowers , this chattering crowd , but at herself , that little girl who was to travel so far , picking Sweet Alice , and then sitting up in bed in