'Mrs Vallance , as Jack Renshaw made that silly , rather conceited remark of his about not liking to watch cricket matches , felt that she must draw his attention somehow , must make him understand , yes , and all the other young people whom she saw , what her father would have said ; how different her father and mother , yes and she too were from all this ; and how compared to really dignified simple men and women like her father , like her dear mother , all this seemed to her so trivial . ‘ Here we all are , ’ she said suddenly , ‘ cooped up in this stuffy room while in the country at home — in Scotland ’ ( she owed it to these foolish young men who were after all quite nice , though a little under-sized [ , ] to make them understand what her father , what her mother and she herself too , for she was like them at heart , felt ) . ‘ Are you Scotch ? ’ he asked . He did not know then , he did not know who her father was ; that he was John Ellis Rattray ; and her mother was Catherine Macdonald . He had stopped in Edinburgh for a night once , Mr Renshaw said . One night in Edinburgh ! And she had spent all those wonderful years there - there and at Elliottshaw , on the Northumbrian border . There she had run wild among the currant bushes ; there her father ’ s friends had come , and [ she ] only a girl as she was , had heard the most wonderful talk of her time . She could see them still , her father , Sir Duncan Clements , Mr Rogers ( old Mr Rogers was her ideal of a Greek sage ) , sitting under the cedar tree ; after dinner in the starlight . They talked [ about ] everything in the whole world , it seemed to her now ; they [ were too ] large minded ever to laugh at other people . They had taught her to revere beauty . What was there beautiful in this stuffy London room ? ‘ Those poor flowers , ’ she exclaimed , for petals of flowers all crumpled and crushed , a carnation or two , were actually trodden under foot ; but , she felt , she cared almost too much for flowers . Her mother had loved flowers : ever since she was a child she had been brought up to feel that to hurt a flower was to hurt the most exquisite thing in nature . Nature had always been a passion with her ; the mountains , the sea . Here in London , one looked out of the window and saw more houses - human beings packed on top of each other in little boxes