‘ She had such a lovely smile , ’ said Mary Bridger , reflectively . They were talking , the Bridgers and the Bagots , late one night over the fire about old friends . This one , Helen Folliott , the girl with the lovely smile , had vanished . None of them knew what had happened to her . She had come to grief somehow , they had heard , and , they agreed , each of them had always known that she would , and , what was odd , none of them had ever forgotten her . ‘ She had such a lovely smile , ’ Lucy Bagot repeated . And so they began to discuss the oddities of human affairs — what a toss up it seems whether you sink or swim , why one remembers and forgets , what a difference trifles make , and how people , who used to meet every day , suddenly part and never see each other again . Then they were silent . That was why they heard a whistle — was it a train or a siren ? — a faint far whistle that sounded over the flat Suffolk fields and dwindled away . The sound must have suggested something , to the Bagots anyhow , for Lucy said , looking at her husband , ‘ She had such a lovely smile. ’ He nodded . ‘ You couldn ’ t drown a puppy who grinned in the face of death , ’ he said . It sounded like a quotation . The Bridgers looked puzzled . ‘ Our dog , ’ said Lucy . ‘ Tell us the story of your dog , ’ the Bridgers insisted . They both liked dogs . Tom Bagot was shy at first , as people are who catch themselves feeling more than is reasonable . He protested too that it wasn ’ t a story ; it was a character study , and they would think him sentimental . But they urged him , and he began straight off— ’ “ You can ’ t drown a puppy who grins in the face of death. ” Old Holland said that . He said it that snowy night when he held her over the water butt . He was a farmer , down in Wiltshire . He ’ d heard gipsies — that ’ s to say a whistle . Out he went into the snow with a dog whip . They ’ d gone ; only they ’ d left something behind them , a crumpled piece of paper it looked like in the hedge . But it was a basket , one of those rush baskets that women take to market , and in it , stitched up so that she couldn ’ t follow , was a little scrap of a dog . They ’ d given her a hunk of bread and a twist of straw