upon a match— ‘ so . With her naked paw . Or she ’ d bark when the telephone rang . “ Curse that bell ” she ’ d say as plain as anything . And visitors — d ’ you remember how she ’ d size our friends up as if they were her own ? “ You may stay ” - she ’ d jump and lick your hand ; “ No , we don ’ t want you ” and she ’ d rush to the door as if to show them the way out . And she ’ d never make a mistake . She was as good a judge of people as you are. ’ ‘ Yes , ’ Lucy confirmed him , ‘ she was a dog of character . And yet , ’ she added , ‘ lots of people didn ’ t see it . Which was another reason for liking her . There was that man who gave us Hector. ’ Bagot took up the story . ‘ Hopkins by name , ’ he said . ‘ By calling a stockbroker . Very proud of his little place in Surrey . You know the sort — all boots and gaiters , like the pictures in the sporting papers . It ’ s my belief he didn ’ t know one end of a horse from the other . But he “ couldn ’ t endure to see us with a wretched little mongrel like that ” . ’ Bagot was quoting again . The words had evidently had a sting in them . ‘ So he made so bold as to give us a present . A dog called Hector. ’ ‘ A red setter , ’ Lucy explained . ‘ With a tail like a ramrod , ’ Bagot continued , ‘ and a pedigree as long as your arm . She might have sulked - Gipsy . She might have taken it amiss . But she was a dog of sense . Nothing petty about her . Live and let live — it takes all sorts to make a world . That was her motto . You ’ d meet ’ em in the High Street — arm in arm , I was going to say , trotting round together . She taught him a thing or two I ’ ll be bound ... ’ ‘ Give him his due , he was a perfect gentleman , ’ Lucy interrupted . ‘ A little lacking in the upper storey , ’ said Tom Bagot tapping his forehead . ‘ But with perfect manners , ’ Lucy argued . There is nothing like a dog story for bringing out people ’ s characters , Mary Bridger reflected . Of course , Lucy had been on the side of the gentleman ; Tom on the side of the lady . But the lady ’ s charms had vanquished even the Lucy