? Character ? Whatever it was , she had that . Or why did he keep her ? Answer me that . She made his life a burden to him . Put all the neighbours against him . Chased their hens . Worried the sheep . A dozen times he was on the point of killing her . Yet he couldn ’ t bring himself to do it - not until she ’ d killed the cat , his wife ’ s favourite . It was the wife who insisted . So once more he took her out into the yard , stood her against the wall , and was about to pull the trigger . And again — she grinned ; grinned right into the face of death , and he hadn ’ t the heart to do it . So they left it to the butcher ; he must do what they couldn ’ t . And then — chance again . It was a little miracle in its way — our letter coming that very morning . A pure fluke , look at it which ever way you will . We lived in London then — we ’ d a cook , an old Irish body , who swore she ’ d heard rats . Rats in the wainscot . Couldn ’ t sleep another night in the place and so on . By chance again — we ’ d spent a summer there — I thought of Holland , wrote and asked him if he ’ d a dog to sell us , a terrier , to catch rats . The postman met the butcher ; it was the butcher who delivered the letter . So by the skin of her teeth Gipsy was saved again . He was glad I can tell you , - old Holland . He popped her straight into the train with a letter . “ Her looks are against her ” , ’ Bagot quoted again . ‘ “ But believe me , she ’ s a dog of character - a dog of remarkable character. ” We stood her out on the kitchen table . A more miserable object you never saw . “ Rats ? Why they ’ d eat her , ” said old Biddy . But we heard no more of that tale. ’ Here Tom Bagot paused . He had come it seemed to a part of his story that he found it difficult to tell . It is difficult for a man to say why he fell in love with a woman , but it is still more difficult to say why he fell in love with a mongrel terrier . Yet that was what had happened evidently — the little beast had exerted over him some indescribable charm . It was a love story he was telling . Mary Bridger was sure of that by something in his voice . A fantastic idea