As Stuart Elton stooped and flicked off his trousers a white thread , the trivial act accompanied as it was by a slide and avalanche of sensation , seemed like a petal falling from a rose , and Stuart Elton straightening himself to resume his conversation with Mrs Sutton felt that he was compact of many petals laid firmly and closely on top of each other all reddened , all warmed through , all tinged with this inexplicable glow . So that when he stooped a petal fell . When he was young he had not felt it - no - now aged forty-five , he had only to stoop , to flick a thread off his trousers , and it rushed down all through him , this beautiful orderly sense of life , this slide , this avalanche of sensation , to be at one , when he stood up again adjusted — but what was she saying ? Mrs Sutton ( still being dragged by the hair over the stubble and up and down the ploughed land of early middle age ) was saying that managers wrote to her , even made appointments to see her , but nothing came of it . What made it so difficult for her was that she had naturally no connections with the stage , her father , all her people , being just country people . ( It was then that Stuart Elton flicked the thread off . ) She stopped ; she felt rebuked . Yes , Stuart Elton had what she wanted , she felt , as he stooped . And when he stood up again , she apologised — she talked too much about herself she said — and added , ‘ You seem to me far the happiest person I know. ’ It chimed oddly with what he had been thinking and that sense of the soft downward rush of life and its orderly readjustment , that sense of the falling petal and the complete rose . But was it ‘ happiness ’ ? No . The big word did not seem to fit it , did not seem to refer to this state of being curled in rosy flakes round a bright light . Anyhow said Mrs Sutton , he was of all her friends the one she envied most . He seemed to have everything ; she nothing . They counted — each had money enough ; she a husband and children ; he was a bachelor ; she was thirty-five ; he forty-five ; she had never been ill in her life and he was a positive martyr , he said , to some internal complaint — longed to eat lobster all day long and could not touch it . There she exclaimed ! as if she had her fingers on it . Even his illness was a joke to him . Was it balancing one thing against another , she asked ? Was