she had her fingers on it . Even his illness was a joke to him . Was it balancing one thing against another , she asked ? Was it a sense of proportion , was it ? Was what , he asked , knowing quite well what she meant , but warding off this harum scarum ravaging woman with her hasty ways [ , ] with her grievances and her vigour , skirmishing and scrimmaging [ , ] who might knock over and destroy this very valuable possession , this sense of being — two figures flashed into his mind simultaneously - a flag in a breeze , a trout in a stream - poised , balanced , in a current of clean fresh clear bright lucid tingling impinging sensation which like the air or the stream held him upright so that if he moved a hand , stooped or said anything he dislodged the pressure of the innumerable atoms of happiness which closed and held him up again . ‘ Nothing matters to you , ’ said Mrs Sutton . ‘ Nothing changes you , ’ she said awkwardly making dashes and splashes about him like a man dabbing putty here there trying to cement bricks together while he stood there very silent , very cryptic , very demure ; trying to get something from him , a clue , a key , a guide , envying him , resenting him , and feeling that if she with her emotional range , her passion , her capacity , her gifts had that added , she could straight off be the rival of Mrs Siddons herself. ’ He would not tell her ; he must tell her . ‘ I went to Kew this afternoon , ’ he said , bending his knee and flicking it again not that there was a white thread there , but to make sure , by repeating the act , that his machine was in order , as it was . So if one were being pursued through a forest by wolves one would tear off little bits of clothing and break off biscuits and throw them to the unhappy wolves , feeling almost , but not quite secure oneself , on one ’ s high swift safe sledge . With this whole pack of famished wolves in pursuit , now worrying the little bit of biscuit he had thrown them , - those words , ‘ I went to Kew this afternoon ’ — Stuart Elton raced swiftly ahead of them back to Kew , to the magnolia tree , to the lake , to the river , holding up his hand , to keep them off . Among them ( for now the world seemed full of howling wolves ) he remembered people asking him to dinner and lunch , now accepted now not , and his sense there on the sunny stretch of grass at Kew of mastery , even as