asking him to dinner and lunch , now accepted now not , and his sense there on the sunny stretch of grass at Kew of mastery , even as he could swing his stick so he could choose , this that , go here , there , break off bits of biscuit and toss them to the wolves , read this , look at that , meet him or her , alight at some good fellow ’ s rooms— ‘ To Kew alone ? ’ Mrs Sutton repeated . ‘ By yourself ? ’ Ah ! the wolf yapped in his ear . Ah ! he sighed , as he had for one instant thinking of the past sighed ah by the lake that afternoon , by some woman stitching white stuff under a tree with geese waddling past , he had sighed , seeing the usual sight , lovers , arm in arm , where there was now this peace , this health once there had been ruin storm despair ; so again this wolf Mrs Sutton reminded him ; alone ; yes quite alone ; but he recovered , as he had recovered then , as the young people passed , grasping this , this , whatever it was and held it tight and walked on , pitying them . ‘ Quite alone , ’ Mrs Sutton repeated . That was what she could not conceive she said , with a despairing swoop of her dark bright haired head being happy , quite alone . ‘ Yes , ’ he said . In happiness there is always this terrific exaltation . It is not high spirits ; nor rapture ; nor praise , fame or health ( he could not walk two miles without feeling done up ) it is a mystic state , a trance , an ecstasy which , for all that he was atheistical , sceptical , unbaptised and all the rest of it , had [ , ] he suspected [ , ] some affinity with the ecstasy that turned men priests , sent women in the prime of life trudging the streets with starched cyclamen-like frills about their faces , and set lips and stony eyes ; but with this difference ; them it prisoned ; him it set free . It freed him from all dependence upon anyone upon anything . Mrs Sutton felt that too , as she waited for him to speak . Yes he would stop his sledge , get out , let the wolves crowd all about him , he would pat their poor rapacious muzzles . ‘ Kew was lovely — full of flowers — magnolias azaleas , ’ he could never remember names he told her . It was nothing that they could destroy . No ; but if it came so inexplicably , so it might go , he had felt , leaving Kew , walking on the river bank up to Richmond . Why