was not a tame rabbit , whatever he was . She turned it into French . “ Lapin , ” she called him . But whatever he was , he was not a French rabbit . He was simply and solely English-born at Porchester Terrace , educated at Rugby ; now a clerk in His Majesty ’ s Civil Service . So she tried “ Bunny ” next ; but that was worse . “ Bunny ” was someone plump and soft and comic ; he was thin and hard and serious . Still , his nose twitched . “ Lappin , ” she exclaimed suddenly ; and gave a little cry as if she had found the very word she looked for . “ Lappin , Lappin , King Lappin , ” she repeated . It seemed to suit him exactly ; he was not Ernest , he was King Lappin . Why ? She did not know . When there was nothing new to talk about on their long solitary walks — and it rained , as everyone had warned them that it would rain ; or when they were sitting over the fire in the evening , for it was cold , and the maiden ladies had gone and the fishing man , and the waiter only came if you rang the bell for him , she let her fancy play with the story of the Lappin tribe . Under her hands — she was sewing ; he was readingthey became very real , very vivid , very amusing . Ernest put down the paper and helped her . There were the black rabbits and the red ; there were the enemy rabbits and the friendly . There were the wood in which they lived and the outlying prairies and the swamp . Above all there was King Lappin , who , far from having only the one trick — that he twitched his nose — became as the days passed an animal of the greatest character ; Rosalind was always finding new qualities in him . But above all he was a great hunter . “ And what , ” said Rosalind , on the last day of the honeymoon , “ did the King do to-day ? ” In fact they had been climbing all day ; and she had worn a blister on her heel ; but she did not mean that . “ To-day , ” said Ernest , twitching his nose as he bit the end off his cigar , “ he chased a hare. ” He paused ; struck a match , and twitched again . “ A woman hare , ” he added . “ A white hare ! ” Rosalind exclaimed , as if she had been expecting this . “ Rather a small hare ; silver grey ; with big bright eyes ? ” “ Yes , ” said Ernest , looking at her as she had looked