'They were married . The wedding march pealed out . The pigeons fluttered . Small boys in Eton jackets threw rice ; a fox terrier sauntered across the path ; and Ernest Thorburn led his bride to the car through that small inquisitive crowd of complete strangers which always collects in London to enjoy other people ’ s happiness or unhappiness . Certainly he looked handsome and she looked shy . More rice was thrown , and the car moved off . That was on Tuesday . Now it was Saturday . Rosalind had still to get used to the fact that she was Mrs. Ernest Thorburn . Perhaps she never would get used to the fact that she was Mrs. Ernest Anybody , she thought , as she sat in the bow window of the hotel looking over the lake to the mountains , and waited for her husband to come down to breakfast . Ernest was a difficult name to get used to . It was not the name she would have chosen . She would have preferred Timothy , Antony , or Peter . He did not look like Ernest either . The name suggested the Albert Memorial , mahogany sideboards , steel engravings of the Prince Consort with his family — her mother-in-law ’ s dining-room in Porchester Terrace in short . But here he was . Thank goodness he did not look like Ernest — no . But what did he look like ? She glanced at him sideways . Well , when he was eating toast he looked like a rabbit . Not that anyone else would have seen a likeness to a creature so diminutive and timid in this spruce , muscular young man with the straight nose , the blue eyes , and the very firm mouth . But that made it all the more amusing . His nose twitched very slightly when he ate . So did her pet rabbit ’ s . She kept watching his nose twitch ; and then she had to explain , when he caught her looking at him , why she laughed . “ It ’ s because you ’ re like a rabbit , Ernest , ” she said . “ Like a wild rabbit , ” she added , looking at him . “ A hunting rabbit ; a King Rabbit ; a rabbit that makes laws for all the other rabbits. ” Ernest had no objection to being that kind of rabbit , and since it amused her to see him twitch his nose — he had never known that his nose twitched — he twitched it on purpose . And she laughed and laughed ; and he laughed too , so that the maiden ladies and the fishing man and the Swiss waiter in his greasy black jacket all guessed right ; they were very happy . But how long does such happiness last ? they asked themselves ; and each