she ’ s called , ” said Rosalind . “ Lapinova. ” And before they went to bed that night it was all settled . He was King Lappin ; she was Queen Lapinova . They were the opposite of each other ; he was bold and determined ; she wary and undependable . He ruled over the busy world of rabbits ; her world was a desolate , mysterious place , which she ranged mostly by moonlight . All the same , their territories touched ; they were King and Queen . Thus when they came back from their honeymoon they possessed a private world , inhabited , save for the one white hare , entirely by rabbits . No one guessed that there was such a place , and that of course made it all the more amusing . It made them feel , more even than most young married couples , in league together against the rest of the world . Often they looked slyly at each other when people talked about rabbits and woods and traps and shooting . Or they winked furtively across the table when Aunt Mary said that she could never bear to see a hare in a dish — it looked so like a baby : or when John , Ernest ’ s sporting brother , told them what price rabbits were fetching that autumn in Wiltshire , skins and all . Sometimes when they wanted a gamekeeper , or a poacher or a Lord of the Manor , they amused themselves by distributing the parts among their friends . Ernest ’ s mother , Mrs. Reginald Thorburn , for example , fitted the part of the Squire to perfection . But it was all secret — that was the point of it ; nobody save themselves knew that such a world existed . Without that world , how , Rosalind wondered , that winter could she have lived at all ? For instance , there was the golden-wedding party , when all the Thorburns assembled at Porchester Terrace to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of that union which had been so blessed — had it not produced Ernest Thorburn ? and so fruitful — had it not produced nine other sons and daughters into the bargain , many themselves married and also fruitful ? She dreaded that party . But it was inevitable . As she walked upstairs she felt bitterly that she was an only child and an orphan at that ; a mere drop among all those Thorburns assembled in the great drawing-room with the shiny satin wallpaper and the lustrous family portraits . The living Thorburns much resembled the painted ; save that instead of painted lips they had real lips ; out of which came jokes ; jokes about schoolrooms , and how they had pulled the chair from under the governess ; jokes about frogs and how they had put them between the virgin sheets of maiden