search and constraint satisfaction and were a `` relatively mature '' technology by the early 1990s . They were used to generate crisis action plans for military use , [ 37 ] process plans for manufacturing [ 35 ] and decision plans such as in prototype autonomous spacecraft . [ 38 ] Generative neural networks ( 2014–2019 ) See also : Machine learning and deep learning Above : An image classifier , an example of a neural network trained with a discriminative objective . Below : A text-to-image model , an example of a network trained with a generative objective . Since its inception , the field of machine learning has used both discriminative models and generative models to model and predict data . Beginning in the late 2000s , the emergence of deep learning drove progress , and research in image classification , speech recognition , natural language processing and other tasks . Neural networks in this era were typically trained as discriminative models due to the difficulty of generative modeling . [ 39 ] In 2014 , advancements such as the variational autoencoder and generative adversarial network produced the first practical deep neural networks capable of learning generative models , as opposed to discriminative ones , for complex data such as images . These deep generative models were the first to output not only class labels for images but also entire images . In 2017 , the Transformer network enabled advancements in generative models compared to older long short-term memory ( LSTM ) models , [ 40 ] leading to the first generative pre-trained transformer ( GPT ) , known as GPT-1 , in 2018 . [ 41 ] This was followed in 2019 by GPT-2 , which demonstrated the ability to generalize unsupervised to many different tasks as a Foundation model . [ 42 ] The new generative models introduced during this period allowed for large neural networks to be trained using unsupervised learning or semi-supervised learning , rather than the supervised learning typical of discriminative models . Unsupervised learning removed the need for humans to manually label data , allowing for larger networks to be trained . [ 43 ] Generative AI boom ( 2020– ) Main article : AI boom AI generated images have become much more advanced . In March 2020 , the release of 15.ai , a free web application created by an anonymous MIT researcher that could generate convincing character voices using minimal training data , marked one of the earliest popular use cases of generative AI . [ 44 ] The platform is credited as the first mainstream service to popularize AI voice cloning ( audio deepfakes ) in memes and content creation , influencing subsequent developments in voice AI technology . [ 45 ] [ 46 ] In 2021 , the emergence of DALL-E , a transformer-based pixel generative model , marked an advance in AI-generated imagery . [ 47 ] This was followed by the releases of Midjourney and