Reinforcement learning ( RL ) is an interdisciplinary area of machine learning and optimal control concerned with how an intelligent agent should take actions in a dynamic environment in order to maximize a reward signal . Reinforcement learning is one of the three basic machine learning paradigms , alongside supervised learning and unsupervised learning . Reinforcement learning differs from supervised learning in not needing labelled input-output pairs to be presented , and in not needing sub-optimal actions to be explicitly corrected . Instead , the focus is on finding a balance between exploration ( of uncharted territory ) and exploitation ( of current knowledge ) with the goal of maximizing the cumulative reward ( the feedback of which might be incomplete or delayed ) . [ 1 ] The search for this balance is known as the exploration–exploitation dilemma . The environment is typically stated in the form of a Markov decision process , as many reinforcement learning algorithms use dynamic programming techniques . [ 2 ] The main difference between classical dynamic programming methods and reinforcement learning algorithms is that the latter do not assume knowledge of an exact mathematical model of the Markov decision process , and they target large Markov decision processes where exact methods become infeasible . [ 3 ] Principles Due to its generality , reinforcement learning is studied in many disciplines , such as game theory , control theory , operations research , information theory , simulation-based optimization , multi-agent systems , swarm intelligence , and statistics . In the operations research and control literature , RL is called approximate dynamic programming , or neuro-dynamic programming . The problems of interest in RL have also been studied in the theory of optimal control , which is concerned mostly with the existence and characterization of optimal solutions , and algorithms for their exact computation , and less with learning or approximation ( particularly in the absence of a mathematical model of the environment ) . Basic reinforcement learning is modeled as a Markov decision process : A set of environment and agent states ( the state space ) , The purpose of reinforcement learning is for the agent to learn an optimal ( or near-optimal ) policy that maximizes the reward function or other user-provided reinforcement signal that accumulates from immediate rewards . This is similar to processes that appear to occur in animal psychology . For example , biological brains are hardwired to interpret signals such as pain and hunger as negative reinforcements , and interpret pleasure and food intake as positive reinforcements . In some circumstances , animals learn to adopt behaviors that optimize these rewards . This suggests that animals are capable of reinforcement learning . [ 4 ] [ 5 ] A basic reinforcement learning agent interacts with its environment in discrete time steps . At each time step t , the agent receives the current state It then chooses an action from the set of available actions , which is