The Spaghetti House siege took place between 28 September and 3 October 1975 . An attempted robbery of the Spaghetti House restaurant in Knightsbridge , London , went wrong and the police were quickly on the scene . The three robbers took the staff down into a storeroom and barricaded themselves in . They released all the hostages unharmed after six days . Two of the gunmen gave themselves up ; the ringleader , Franklin Davies , shot himself in the stomach . All three were later imprisoned , as were two of their accomplices . The three robbers had been involved in black liberation organisations and maintained consistently that they were acting for political reasons . The police did not believe them , and stated that this was a criminal act , not a political one . The police used fibre optic camera technology for live surveillance , and monitored the actions and conversations of the gunmen from the audio and visual output . The feed was watched by a forensic psychiatrist who advised police on the state of the men 's minds and how to best manage the ongoing negotiations . Background Post-Second World War Britain had a shortage of labour , which led to official policies to attract workers from the British Empire and Commonwealth countries . These people were placed in low-pay , low-skill employment , which forced them to live in poor housing . [ 1 ] Economic circumstances and what were seen by many in the black communities as racist policies applied by the British government led to a rise in militancy , particularly among the West Indian community ; their feelings were exacerbated by police harassment and discrimination in the education sector . [ 2 ] [ a ] Ambalavaner Sivanandan , the director of the Institute of Race Relations in the mid-1970s , identifies that while the first generation had become partly assimilated into British society , the second generation were increasingly rebellious . [ 4 ] The ringleader of the attempted robbery of a branch of the Spaghetti House restaurant was Franklin Davies , a 28-year-old Nigerian student who had previously served time in prison for armed robbery ; he was accompanied by two men , Wesley Dick ( later known as Shujaa Moshesh ) , a 24-year-old West Indian , and Anthony `` Bonsu '' Munroe , a 22-year-old Guyanese . [ 5 ] [ 6 ] All three had been involved in black liberation organisations . Davies had tried to enlist in the guerrilla armies of Zimbabwe African National Union and FRELIMO in Africa ; Munroe had links to the Black Power movement ; Dick was an attendee at meetings of the Black Panthers , the Black Liberation Front ( BLF ) , the Fasimba , [ b ] and the Black Unity and Freedom Party ; he regularly visited the offices of the Institute of Race Relations to volunteer and access their library . [ 8 ] Sivanandan